Parris oh I was hoping this would be
after my talk in which case you'd have a
bit more context but long story short
Pegasus is an end-to-end encrypted file
storage and social network on my PFS so
I'm just going to demo a few basic
things so let's start with signing up
obviously that's not a secure password
but that doesn't matter today
all right so we signed up we have an
account let's create another one
rightio so now let's see something
social so let's send a follower quest to
the other guy and what this is doing is
basically sending a cryptographic
capability to a part in this users file
system through which we can then share
stuff with the other one follow Chris
down and now we go back to the other guy
look we've got one if we had logged out
and logged in we also would have got
this little plus one thing but yeah
let's uh let's allow that for now
cool so now we're bidirectional
following so we're both friends with
each other now so the yeah the high
level each user gets their own storage
space under their username in the global
namespace so test 18 we go back up here
I'm just actually doing this that's just
registered that we're friends from the
other guy so currently there's nothing
in there if we go up to the top we can
now see the other guy
they haven't shared anything with us yet
but let's do something with a file so
let's upload an image
so this is all SSA its end-to-end
encrypted so all the encryption happens
and decryption happens in the browser
and let's share this share this is 17
right yo so now we go back to 17 and we
need to refresh the roots so we can see
the other guy but yep
now you going to do T no look we can see
the file we can see the thumbnail which
is everything's encrypted we we hide all
the metadata and stuff we can view that
directly in the browser that's the
solution you can tell I have a young kid
that's not by the way
so what a screen do we can get so this
make some directories actually no let's
do a public link so this thing we can
also create a public link which you can
share with anyone they don't need a big
loss account and basically the
cryptographic capabilities are in the
URL itself using the usual technique
which is putting it in the hash so you
can open that in another tab and there's
no context shared between these tabs so
you can see that that's now there we can
see that's you get the path and the file
itself and the same idea we can we can
view that or download it or whatever yes
so the other thing you can do is
directories let's make a directory
going here at a file
five minutes okay all right running out
of time so I'm going to skip to
hopefully more impressive demo so this
is another account and for one we're
downloading and decrypting stuff in the
browser if you're trying to say it's an
image that's easy it's generally pretty
small so you just make one big byte
array and turn that into a URL in the
browser if you're trying to stream
videos you you can't do that because
you're limited by you have to fit the
thing in RAM but you can get around that
with service workers this only works in
Chrome sadly but and I hope it works it
can be flaky so we've got the simple
movie here which is well you can see
it's 120 Meg which would fit in around
but let's not do that and we can try and
stream it so this will download at 5 Meg
at a time decrypted reassemble it and
then write it to this writable stream
which which thing gets played hopefully
the sound as well I don't you can hear
but yeah and so that's all you need to
do is be able to download and decrypt it
faster than you're actually playing it
so your resolution that you can do with
this is is limited by out your
connection but you get the idea you've
probably all seen that a million times
so let's stop that what else do we have
we have a few basic media players so
that obviously we just you've just seen
images and videos we have audio as well
which also does streaming we also have a
very basic text in inline text viewer so
you know whatever here's some JavaScript
I think it still might be doing some
video stuff in the background but yeah
and if it's a format which we don't have
a viewer for yet then the default
fallback let's find something that's 12
maybe think yeah so this guy we fall
back to basically a hex viewer and you
can if you imagine trying to render 12
mega of hex in the browser it doesn't it
doesn't do that so it lazily downloads
what you're trying to section your out
to display it so there we go you can see
it's a PDF hash PDF and you can scroll
down and that's doing that on demand
modulo 5 make chunks but the idea is
we'll get more like hopefully we will
have a PDF viewer at some point but
there's a harder to secure sure we'd say
whoo yeah awesome thank you
[Applause]